Let's take a look at the wireless exercise.
You were tasked with researching a solution for
a wireless implementation and security project for a school system.
A school system with five locations is
requesting help with implementing a wireless solution.
The requirements are, they would like full control over
the solution and do not want to rely on the Internet to manage the devices.
The system has a history of students attempting to hack the network,
they would like additional security measures to prevent this type of behavior.
There are apartments near several of the locations,
and they would like to prevent their neighbors from accessing
the guest network if possible. Let's see how you did.
The IT department at the schools would like full control.
We recommend a controller based wireless solution.
This will allow management of the wireless network to be controlled only by
the school system and will be accessible locally even in the event of an Internet outage.
We recommend WPA2-Enterprise with 802.1X
authentication method to lower the risk of improper authentication by students.
To diminish the potential use of the guest wireless network by neighbors,
we recommend a solution that allows for
signal strength adjustment on the edge access points.
There are many vendors that can fulfill these requirements.